vim/README.md, before:

# redtt.vim

This vim plugin requires Vim 8 (released September 2016).

## Use

While editing a .red file, run `:Redtt` or `<LocalLeader>l` (`l` for `load`) in
the command (normal) mode to check the current buffer and display the output in
a separate buffer. Run `<LocalLeader>p` (`p` for `partial`) to check the current
buffer, ignoring lines below the cursor's current position.

### Typing special characters

`redtt` uses several unicode characters in its concrete notation; each of these
can be typed easily in the Vim mode using the `digraph` feature; alternatively,
they replaced with ASCII equivalents.

| Char | Digraph   | ASCII |
|------|-----------|-------|
| 𝕀    | `C-k II`  | `dim` |
| ⊢    | `C-k !-`  | `!-`  |
| ⦉    | `C-k <:`  | `<:`  |
| ⦊    | `C-k :>`  | `:>`  |
| «    | `C-k <<`  | `<<`  |
| »    | `C-k >>`  | `>>`  |
| λ    | `C-k *l`  | `\`   |
| →    | `C-k ->`  | `->`  |

## Setup

This plugin is compatible with Vim 8's package system. You can (re)install it by
running the following shell command from the current directory:

    ./install.sh

If the `redtt` binary is not in your `PATH`, add the following line to your
`.vimrc`:

    let g:redtt_path = '/path/to/the-redtt-binary'

Commit message:

[vim] Usability improvements. (#462)
* [vim] Usability improvements.

* Add <LocalLeader>L to check with --ignore-cache.

* Add <LocalLeader>P to complete the matrix.

* Really ignore rot files when checking the stdin with --ignore-cache.

Also clean up the code.

vim/README.md, after:

# redtt.vim

This vim plugin requires Vim 8 (released September 2016).

## Use

While editing a .red file, run `:Redtt` or `<LocalLeader>l` (`l` for `load`) in
the command (normal) mode to check the current buffer and display the output in
a separate buffer. Run `<LocalLeader>p` (`p` for `partial`) to check the current
buffer, ignoring lines below the cursor's current position. The `<LocalLeader>L`
and `<LocalLeader>P` commands are analogous but use the `--ignore-cache` option.

### Typing special characters

`redtt` uses several unicode characters in its concrete notation; each of these
can be typed easily in the Vim mode using the `digraph` feature; alternatively,
they replaced with ASCII equivalents.

| Char | Digraph   | ASCII |
|------|-----------|-------|
| 𝕀    | `C-k II`  | `dim` |
| ⊢    | `C-k !-`  | `!-`  |
| ⦉    | `C-k <:`  | `<:`  |
| ⦊    | `C-k :>`  | `:>`  |
| «    | `C-k <<`  | `<<`  |
| »    | `C-k >>`  | `>>`  |
| λ    | `C-k *l`  | `\`   |
| →    | `C-k ->`  | `->`  |

## Setup

This plugin is compatible with Vim 8's package system. You can (re)install it by
running the following shell command from the current directory:

    ./install.sh

If the `redtt` binary is not in your `PATH`, add the following line to your
`.vimrc`:

    let g:redtt_path = '/path/to/the-redtt-binary'
